This is a head-gum original.
You can layer. It's something I just realized.
How is everybody doing to that?
Tonight? Great. How are you going to do tonight?
Worst.
Hopefully.
Yeah, I'm not saying I'm positive. Yeah. I was saying I can layer the sounds now, right? Here we go.
I will eat your ass.
Monday, June 20th.
We've got Grayson Wise on the show.
New and improved with a microphone.
Wow.
And headphones. I can actually hear what you guys are saying for the first time.
insane.
Johnny is on the party.
And I'm near Blumenfeld.
Bring it up the rear, but not bringing a lot to the table. Is that fair to say?
Nope. It's not fair. Because the show just started and I feel like I am going to do a lot.
A rear Blumenfeld.
That's really good. That's actually fair.
Grayson Wise on the show.
You're on their aches.
You're hearing sounds.
Heather than Pinnard doing.
Obviously.
45 minutes straight.
It doesn't get a question with the sounds.
With the layering. I just got excited about the layering.
Yeah.
Is Johnny at a furniture store?
I feel the people, I see people shopping behind him.
Oh, no. Those are my roommates.
Johnny at the movie, recently.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I, the movie was pretty crazy, but I don't know what everyone's talking about with the housing market in
New York. I was actually pretty good. I was able to find a really sweet spot.
How did you find it?
Like, well, did you say I was showing up through Zillow and then go see an empty apartment?
Honestly, I think I just got lucky.
How so?
I don't know what I think that explains everything.
I just got pretty lucky with the spot.
Okay.
Yeah.
Is that all new furniture or new clock on the wall?
I saw tags with them.
Yeah, yeah.
Some tags still.
Yeah. I mean, it's all like super, super new.
It's all super, super new.
It looks like a stage like the lighting on top is an open space.
No, it's no, it's no roof.
But it's fine. We don't have to look at the roof.
With the Zoom recorder, I can see it. Yeah.
Yeah. So you are on your computer?
I am on my computer at my desk in my apartment.
Yeah.
Where is the apartment?
Do you have an address?
It's like, it's like deep deep Manhattan.
Nobody says that about Manhattan.
It's not deep Manhattan.
That's the center of things.
It's an island.
But I guess like wherever is like hard to find in Manhattan.
Inwood.
Yeah. Yeah.
Whatever. We'll go with that.
I guess go with that or that's where it is.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's very weird.
If it is an IKEA, you can say the
geolocation.
You don't have to hide that part.
Just say it's on 34th and 10th or so.
But it's not an IKEA.
That's I think that's the disconnect that's happening right now.
Right.
I do like this style.
I have to style you have going for your apartment.
It's very like Swedish modern.
Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah. There's a lot of, see a lot of people in the background, man.
That's not just your roommates. They're all shopping.
Yeah, like now you're watching this.
But also when you pointed your thing down,
they like hide the ceiling.
I also saw a bowl of Swedish meatballs.
Yeah. Well, I was eating Swedish meatballs.
I don't know what to tell you.
For lunch.
A bowl of meatballs and nothing else.
Exactly.
With the cranberry sauce and everything.
Does your room not have a door?
Yeah, it's kind of, it's like railroad style.
Railroad style doesn't preclude having a door.
Then I guess it's like,
Sam, I railroad.
Oh, we've got something.
Yeah, whatever. Multiple beds too, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, like, if go bigger, go home, right?
Are you home?
It seems like you've gone big.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Are you home? And he says, oh, yeah, absolutely.
Every answer is slightly off.
This isn't how people speak.
Right.
I mean, I know nothing about my amazing apartment.
I'm wondering how you asked them to record there.
I mean, if I were in an IKEA show room,
wish I'm not, I would not have asked for permission.
I'm just wandered in with a laptop.
Sit down.
Yeah, hoping I know where it was.
Get me.
Wi-Fi hotspot or do they have public Wi-Fi?
I know that IKEA has public Wi-Fi.
And that's where you're on.
No, just in general, not specifically for right now.
Yeah, like most IKEA Wi-Fi.
Most places, honestly, most furniture stores have public Wi-Fi.
Also, you didn't even know we were recording today
until 10 minutes ago you said.
I'm ready, unless by tomorrow you met Tuesday.
So like, were you already in this IKEA down to go back the next day?
Or did you have to hustle when you realized 10 minutes before recording
that I meant?
I like IKEA.
I mean, my apartment, but if I tend to go to IKEA's
pretty frequently now that my lease is up, there's no way.
Hmm, there's no way you're there most days of the week.
It is crazy that you unprompted 10 minutes before the recording said,
I'm ready whenever.
You weren't even ready for the normal time.
You were recording.
Yeah, I mean, I got ready.
And obviously, I just needed a fresh enough
to place just a little bit to make it look.
What did you do?
How did you freshen it up?
Put the tags back on.
Why did everyone see it was all new?
Super, super new, yeah, we are.
Super, super new.
Oh, I'm going to go up the side.
Um, I'm sure we'll speak more about this later into the episode as some kind of chaos happens
in the background of Johnny's apartment.
But I wanted to get things started off with, um,
talking about dating in New York.
Oh, wait, you, you talk about these things like they're new,
but it's the same exact thing every week.
Actually, I wanted to start this off by talking about everyone's, oh,
bonds of the week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh, last time we spoke on this show, uh,
you had been, you had been experiencing unrequited love.
Kind of, yes.
I was unceremoniously rejected.
Yeah.
And did you,
exact your revenge?
Did you sort of put into place financial
revenge tools?
Yeah, um, um, yeah.
I mean, are you seem confused about the concept of revenge?
What's, what's there to seek revenge for?
Should you not listen to him?
Yeah, it's not what they did when I go out with you.
Exactly, okay, so you got it.
Yeah, yeah, he gets it with this.
Yeah, that's pretty pain out here.
I think that was a lot of revenge.
Not even petty revenge.
A lot of revenge.
Yeah, like on a skill of one to a lot,
it should be on the more extreme revenge of course.
Absolutely.
Okay, um, so what did, what did you do when someone said that they didn't want to get
dinner with you?
Um, what's your dinner?
That's interesting.
It was drinks.
Do you think, do you think as somebody who is in a
committed relationship that my next move should be to ask them to dinner?
I don't think your next move should be to talk to them ever again.
Oh, yeah, obviously they don't want anything to do with you.
Not that's fine.
That's not.
You don't want to down your pretty words.
Yeah, it's not what they said.
Word, what did they say?
They said, listen, I, I just, not like if you don't
do my best.
You never want to hear a listen at the top of it.
Yeah, they said, they said, listen, who is this?
And then of course I explained, um, and what was the
explanation?
So they didn't even know who you were, but you knew them.
No, so I, you never do the thing where you just type numbers in
Yeah.
And then, and then you just shoot them a message.
You say, do you want to grab drinks sometime?
So you don't know how old this person is, what they look like, what they do,
where they live, what area could you use?
Was it at least two weeks ago?
No, but I, I leave open the possibility for love at first sight,
because I don't know who they are until we both show up.
You know, and you can have that spark then.
Yeah, that's not possibility, though, exists everywhere.
How do you know this person?
What?
Nothing.
He heard you.
Johnny, let's talk about dating in New York just in terms of, I mean,
you have this new bachelor, you know, Pat.
It's pretty choice, pretty chair.
Thank you, man.
Pretty savory.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, it's all brand new, new brand brand.
Can you kind of like, clean out of, uh,
was that a line from a rap or something?
No, new brand brand spaken new.
Can you sort of lean out of frame and point to how you would use your current
room set up for, for like a better term, porken.
For porken?
Yeah, so.
For the audio, this was Johnny just leaned out of the way, and there were two people
with masks.
They saw Johnny was doing something bizarre and then walked out of the room.
I roommates, by the way.
That's what other names, I'm so sorry.
I should not think about it.
Michaelie and frankly,
Michaelie and, sorry, his name is frankly.
Frankly, his name is Michaelie, and then the other one's name is Mike.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, let's see.
His first name is Michaelie or his full name is Michaelie.
Mike, that is, that is a director.
That is a good, uh, good question.
He gets, uh, confused, a lot of people can fuse that, but it is,
Michaelie and my KEE, LEEY.
What's his last name?
Michaelie.
This name is Michaelie.
Michaelie, Michaelie.
Michaelie and my KEE, LEEY.
Mike and my KEE, uh, dash LEE.
So it's kind of like, uh,
So one of his parents,
he's a native to hyphenated last name.
Okay, what does he do for living?
Something normal.
Yeah, he's a P.A.
Adagian Central pusher.
He's a total pencil pusher.
Meaning like he has a Minio, you know, average job or his job is still.
Oh, no, he's like, yeah, he pushes, he's a pencil salesman.
Is that what the song push and P is about?
Yeah, push and pencil.
Very clever goal.
This, this is that job.
And then I, he has a we work, but that's,
probably unsustainable.
There's no way they're just going to let it fly.
Where do you, where do you pork?
Or do I pork?
I pork on that new bed, uh, over there.
Yeah, brand spanking up.
Yeah, brand spanking, brand brand new.
Uh, and we can watch the hours go by over there.
Yeah, we know it's lots, sorry.
Are you get it?
This guy, this guy, that TV looks like a piece of plastic.
I mean, I could turn it on for you if you like, I mean,
not right now, but like, maybe after the recording,
you can talk about it.
Turn it on for a quick.
Pork, he said, huh?
Oh, this guy, pork.
Actually, try not to eat.
Put up for a second.
Grayson, I mean, your room, we've seen it before, but where do you pork?
Weirdly enough, kind of exactly in the same, in the same set up as Johnny, uh, just on a bed.
No tags or, which is there.
No tags, none of my stuff is brand new, new brand, brand spanking new.
So no tags left on any of my things.
Okay.
And then is there any way to watch the, I'm sorry to say, but hours go by.
The hours go by.
I have a digital watch.
So we could in theory, watch them in, it's go by.
That's, that's, yeah, this guy also works.
James Bond of the week.
Nice.
This week, my pick is Doos Tatum.
Nice, the child.
Yeah, um, James Tatum's four-year-old son.
Yeah, listen, I don't know if you saw those shots of him on the sideline, but he was looking pretty
soft, pretty dangerous, toddler, I just think that Jason's recent defeat could be made better by
Doos, being able to grid post a variety article.
Doos Tatum is in as the name is, he's four.
He's not, exactly.
Meaning, and you want him.
Side of the body, on the corners.
You have him, we'll still be excited.
Really?
Yeah.
What's the youngest bond?
45.
He's still decades away from being that even after 20 years.
Or taxes.
That's the other thing.
Suddenly, that money is actually going to Jason.
Born.
He needs it.
He doesn't.
Who are you guys, James Bond 007s of the week?
Uh, I personally, I just watched Top Gun.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't know if you guys have seen it, and I have to spoil just the intro intro sequence.
There are no company title cards, no production houses that you see.
It's, uh, it fades in on Tom Cruise, addressing the audience, saying that this film is going to be great,
and you're going to really enjoy it.
And I'm not joking, that it was the most bizarre thing.
Are you serious?
I, there's no way.
I'm a cruise head now.
So, it's Tom Cruise, your picker, was that a way?
He's absolutely, okay.
I think he's too old at this point.
And then he's too stocky.
And also, I wouldn't call him Swav.
Yeah.
He's also called Doost Tatum Swav.
Who is more Swav?
Doost Tatum or Tom Cruise?
Tom Cruise.
He got you that.
No, I don't know.
Tom Cruise is, Tom Cruise is rugged.
Yeah, but Doost Tatum is a four year old child.
Yeah.
And that's a lot doesn't it?
But doesn't say a lot of shoppers.
What a roommate, a lot of roommates.
A lot of roommates.
Look at his fucker.
Oh, got a good deal.
Yeah, he's a cute little boy, but he's not going to be the next James.
Look at that fucking form.
What if they do like a prequel, a prequel bond?
That kid, the young bond, yeah.
Yeah.
And he looks nothing like any of the previous James.
No, because 007 is kind of, that that gets past from agent to agent.
Yeah, that's true.
We never get to see him grown up.
In like the third prequel, he could die or something.
That's really good.
I would love to see this fucker sort of parish on screen.
Anyway, um, I love that Gucci man was really excited to take a photo with me.
Here we go, full steam ahead.
Let's talk about family heirlooms.
If you died today, what would you?
Johnny, your apartment's awesome, but it doesn't give you license to get a mirror.
I'm sorry, but thank you for the, thank you for the apartment stuff.
I mean, a lot.
The tags are pretty awesome.
Yeah, I can't wait to come over.
Hell yeah, dude.
Um, it might look different, but that's whatever.
You have to be a fairie to red mirror shut up for saying,
Johnny, I kind of, I'm the same guy right now.
It's kind of awesome.
Great. I guess you're getting a little too excited, but like I'm like,
kind of like catching up with you with the energy.
No, 100% and 100% if you don't speak for me.
Super, super awesome.
Yeah, I guess.
Nice.
I didn't like that.
Who was that directed to?
Um, let me just flip to Jeffrey.
Okay, then cool, then cool.
Yeah.
Not cool for me.
Johnny, you're in a public place.
Give it together.
Haha!
All right, we do have a good break.
Just for ads, nothing else here we go.
We'll be right back.
Now a word from our sponsor better help.
Guys, burnout can manifest in so many different ways, man.
For me, it means not setting boundaries, right?
Over extending myself, doing too much stuff, work all day.
Be with friends all night.
That's too much sometimes, sometimes you need to have a little time to recharge, right?
In the, uh, it feels stressful, it feels overwhelming, it feels all consuming, I feel
like I'm having tunnel vision.
And life is just overwhelming, right?
Many people are burnt out without even knowing it, and symptoms can include lack of
motivation, irritability, fatigue, and more, and we associate burnout with work, but that's
not the only cause.
Any of our roles in life can lead to us feeling burned out.
That's why better help online therapy wants to remind you to prioritize yourself by talking
to someone who can help you figure out what's causing stress in your life.
I'm in therapy every week.
Uh, it's very helpful.
Um, I can't imagine my life without it.
Didn't do it for three years.
I think I'm a better person.
We'll see.
But I think everybody should have, if they have access to it, everybody should be in therapy.
It's good.
Why not?
It's always good to talk about shit.
Better help specifically.
It's customized online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions
with your therapist.
You don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also, and it's much more affordable than in-person therapy, and you can be matched
with a therapist in under 48 hours.
So get to it.
Especially this summer, man.
Our listeners get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's betterhelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, betterhelp.
And we're back.
Johnny, where are you now?
You'll part, man.
You know.
It's places in it.
This place is huge.
Yeah, I kind of got a pretty sick deal on this one.
Towels also have tags, right?
That's bizarre.
Yeah, haven't dried myself yet.
Obviously, I can have multiple towels as well.
Did you move in today?
What the hell was that?
Brutely, I said.
How many of you have?
Because every single one has been different.
How many of you have got such a good deal?
It's like 50 roommates.
Wow.
It's a good deal.
It's like a co-op, really.
Not really.
Um, okay.
Do you guys have any family heirlooms that you would pass down?
Johnny probably has some at his desk, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Personal items that he cares a lot about.
So this has been kind of passed on.
It's an ironing board.
The tags still aren't because it's been passed down.
Yeah, it's an ironing board.
Seven dollars.
Yeah.
Seven ninety nine might do.
That tag is from when it was purchased in the twenties.
Yeah.
Inflation is a real, real evil person.
Okay, let's say 1929, 799, let's see how much that would cost today.
Numbers crunch.
Yeah, crunch.
Can we get a number crunch on that?
Nine hundred dollars.
There's no way that that's from 1929.
It just took really good care of it.
I don't understand why you would be not convinced, I guess.
Yeah.
Grace, and do you have anything that you would pass down as a family heirloom?
I'm sort of a family heirloom, heirloom, heirloom.
Yeah.
Yikes.
Aeromoom.
Can we cut all that out?
Sure.
What?
Okay.
Yeah.
Just with a part five.
I mean, I have actually this, this could work.
This could be interesting.
I have this mostly empty packet of gum.
I've had for a week.
Yeah.
I don't have that.
It's weird.
Look at that.
Look at Johnny's bathroom.
A fully grown adult male, sort of lifting things up.
He is.
In the show.
Todd Rick.
Hmm.
Do all your roommates have one name?
All of multiple names.
Some of them have multiple names that were peed.
Sally Darwalks back in the back.
I don't know.
There's no way.
Um, I'm here.
You're sort of vaguely wealthy.
How much, what, what would you pass down?
And respond faster than you have been.
Hell yeah.
A brick on a power brick.
I mean, are you a power bottom?
Next segment.
Okay.
Um, I really want to get a moped.
I'm sorry to say.
Okay.
Just part of the next segment or just non-secretor.
Non-secretor.
Just what do you guys think?
Seems dangerous.
Yeah.
Well, so you should do it.
Hmm.
It seems dangerous and you should do it.
He's on his phone.
Are you looking at your phone?
He's looking at your moped.
Yeah.
Okay.
Absolutely.
I should do that.
What are the rules there?
Like, you can't drive that on the highway, right?
You can do it on side streets or something.
You can drive it on the highway.
I never would.
That's too much.
Yeah.
Down sunset.
Sunset.
That's cool.
You're racing a view ever.
That's a little senseless.
That's those are the streets I knew.
I don't know.
Los Angeles.
Welcome to so what?
Is that segment I like to call so what?
So, uh, a lot of nonsense passes for news these days.
Why is that funny?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I guess.
Um.
A lot of nonsense passes for news these days.
And, um.
Okay.
You don't have to be sad about it either.
What am I supposed to do?
Sorry.
Here people and Johnny's.
Yeah.
What are they saying?
Not roommates.
Strangers.
I think they're talking about, like, how they do, like,
fry higher.
They do, like, fry higher.
They do like talking about, like, the way the room looks
or getting a couple ideas for their own personal room.
It does.
It sounds like they're trying to purchase your bed.
They want, like, a similar model.
Uh, I just wanted to do another roommate to talk to them about it.
Yeah.
What's up, my friend?
That's all the night.
It was just for a moment.
I wanted something.
This is awful.
Yeah.
They're measuring.
You like the fuck?
I guess they think they can take that exact shower and put it in their place.
Okay.
Um, this is a segment I like to call so what, which is pointing out the
pointlessness of some news headlines.
I guess, like, I was just, I'm just going to say some news headlines that I think are sort of meaningless.
And we can talk about it.
Here we go.
Three years ago, her art sold it for $400 at the beach.
Now it fetches up to $1.6 million at auction.
Yeah.
Anna Wyant, a new art star whose work evokes a millennial bodice outly, was discovered on Instagram.
She's also dating her dealer, Larry Gagosium.
So it's the second thing.
You're saying Larry is just selling her shit at a huge premium.
Yeah, Gagosium.
Yeah.
Which part of that is pointless?
Oh, I think the whole thing is sort of like, so what, you know what I mean?
I want that.
I guess.
Doesn't really affect our lives.
Yeah, it's just so what, but maybe to somebody else, it's like kind of like an important thing.
Yeah, really imagine her actually.
Yeah, imagine that.
It's awesome.
Yeah.
Really cool.
No.
Yeah.
It's kind of down actually.
Probably never had your name in some sort of outfit.
A mirror would understand.
He's had a piece in the time recently.
Yeah.
That was huge for you, right?
That was two years ago.
It was cool.
It was like about sort of me as a taste maker.
Alluding as a fact that a good re-hollywood gift giving.
COVID tests would be an interesting sort of slant.
Yeah.
It was pretty exciting.
That was in 2018 also.
Yes.
So like completely, I was ahead of the curve entirely.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It was no curve.
I think it predated COVID by year.
Listen, we've talked so much.
We've exhausted this subject.
So I need to take the lead here and just lead into some fucking new, so-what segment things.
Okay.
You guys keep talking.
I can hear you, but I'm going to step away from my computer for a second.
Yeah.
But again, I can't stress enough.
I will be able to hear you.
I don't think so.
Because you don't have to take your headphones off.
He's so ugly.
I heard that I haven't even left yet.
That was really fast for you.
Yeah.
You did not even give it time to wait.
A barber kicked a customer out of his chair after Quavo walked in.
So what?
I saw that.
I would probably be a good barber, right?
Yeah.
But I'd be pretty annoyed as the customer, I think.
The article seems to be on the customer side.
If Quavo walks in, you're fucking gons.
We don't.
What if you're halfway through here on this?
I don't care.
It's Quavo.
So you're like a child's on camera.
And he's spent $100,000 on a chandelier.
Okay.
So all of a, it seems like you care a lot, especially about Quavo.
So it's not really a so much for you, so maybe.
Right.
I would call back to reveal a chandelier.
In Quavo.
I'm in debt.
This is, I mean, that's just, that's pointless to me.
But here we go.
Jared Kushner lets his feet breathe.
In thong sandals alongside kids with a vanka Trumpet beach.
Hmm.
Okay.
I think it's the first one where I'm kind of like so much.
Specifically, that article was written about the sandals.
Yes.
It's like a fashion thing.
Wow.
He was also in the thing thong.
He was wearing a hang thong as a, yeah.
He's packing heat, though.
I don't know if he has new Jared Kushner's caucus.
We don't have to talk about that.
Yeah.
That's going to be a, a so what.
Uh, Jon here just messaged.
Yeah.
I'm glad I'm not here.
Uh.
It is mutual.
Yeah.
Uh.
Giant cruise ships made in voyage may be to a scrapyard.
So what?
And I also think figure out if it will or not first.
I guess.
Yeah.
Don't publish an article about the fact that it might end up in a junkyard.
That is a really good point.
That is weird.
What a strange article you found.
Major killer.
Be sure of shit before you post it.
Right.
So if you're, if you're going to post a grid post or tweet,
make sure that it's going to have staying power.
I mean, I'm sure the music licensing labels are pretty stringent about those kinds of guidelines.
Yeah.
But it's still copyrighted.
I mean, I'm sure the music licensing labels are pretty stringent about those kinds of guidelines.
Yeah.
Are you like a business Instagram account?
No.
I don't think that I've never heard of them taking down like a normal person's content.
I don't think I'm a business account.
Maybe I accidentally am.
Anyway, we do have to move on to the next headline here.
Ready for wine.
Tea Mallory does dancing trend in house dress and Nike airmax sneakers.
It seems more like a sponsored article.
It's mainly for Nike.
I couldn't tell you what publication this was if I tried.
It says Fn.
And I can't write Bart.
That was just a fake tweet on true social.
All right. Last one. First of all, so what? Second of all, here we go.
Bella Hadid just made a case for wearing two belts at once.
I guess if she makes a good case, then it might be a potentially huge.
Yeah, potentially huge for the fashion fashion world for Johnny's specifically.
Yeah.
I've been dying to wear two belts.
Okay, Jeffrey. All right. Okay.
Welcome to worst actors on actors.
You guys familiar with actors on actors.
It's like an interview.
Yeah. It's a variety series where two prominent actors will interview each other.
And they usually pick pretty interesting pairings.
But I thought to myself, what would be the worst possible pairings of actors.
And interview that I just frankly, or sorry,
Mike Lee wouldn't want to see.
Nice. That's my roommate, man.
Yeah. Sorry to reference them.
You guys are welcome to shout out your own.
But I'm going to kick things off by saying,
Billy Bob Thornton and Young Sheldon.
I'd love to see them chop it up.
You'd like to do this?
And Young Sheldon.
You kidding me?
The two hottest young things.
Yes.
P.Y.T. is really.
Wait, is it two actors sitting down to interview each other?
Yeah.
I only did actors.
So do you just take them thing, and we'll see if he gets bonded or not.
But that wouldn't actually qualify.
Yeah.
Oh, yuck.
Do you think Yuck?
Oh, wow.
What about Tim Allen and Susan Sarandon?
It would just be them arguing about politics.
I guess that's not for him to make that a home improvement sound.
That's good.
Yeah, I should do it louder.
Every question.
Do you guys have any ideas?
Because I was also thinking Sylvester Stallone and John Trevolta.
Because it would just sort of be undisernable nonsense.
Why?
Well, I'd be like, one of them would be like,
Well, I'd be like, yeah, really, really.
And then it would be like,
You sounded like Scooby-Doo.
I'm never heard you do an impression.
And then you just did two of them back to back.
So let's hear the truth.
Who can do it?
I would do it.
Do you hear the Stallone again?
Well, I would be like,
What about Trevolta doing Stallone?
Now Adam Sandler doing Stallone.
That's pretty good, actually.
Yeah, I don't want to watch that.
I want to actually have a boxing match.
Me versus Blumenfeld.
I don't fucking dynasty type writer.
I would never.
Why?
There's been so much vitriol poison thrown back in fourth for six fucking years.
There's so much history there.
So we don't have to box.
Yeah.
Really kind of coming out of the moment.
I didn't think that they were shouldn't.
What about Michael Kane and the dog from Marley and me?
Because they're both sort of on their last legs.
I'd have to assume.
Michael Kane seems fine.
Yeah.
This probably did.
That was the one obstacle.
What about Francis McDormand and Steve O?
Well, with that sound like.
And Francis, I can tell you if you do it.
You don't you can forget that we are in a jackass.
And then Francis would be like.
What did you say at the Oscar speech?
I don't know.
She's just always so stern and I feel like Steve O's never serious.
So that would be an interesting conversation.
would you yeah I agree but Jeffrey I don't know. Why won't you die?
What about Pete Davidson and Fespis? Who is Fespis?
It's like one of the few famous ancient Greek actors from the first millennia.
That one is a little interesting conversation.
Yeah he's also not with us.
Well you know it's like a dinner guest question.
I think Pete Davidson doesn't act he's just Pete.
And then Fespis sort of pioneered the game.
You can't tell me that Merrill and Hank didn't look back and study their forefathers.
In Fespis.
And the like you throw it towards your end of the screen.
It comes out Maya.
But get let's box.
What?
Okay what about Alec Baldwin and John Wilkes Booth?
Not an actor. John Wilkes but there's not an actor.
John Wilkes was an actor.
Yes he is.
Oh my god I didn't know that.
Yeah but John Chervulta or who is it? Alec Baldwin and John Wilkes Booth.
Grayson got the chair.
Alec Baldwin accidentally shot someone.
It's okay.
Sorry did you roommate need something?
Yeah my roommate just needed to look at the glasses.
Are you wearing headphones?
Yeah I'm wearing headphones.
The episode ends right there.
And then last but at least what about Charlize Theron and Amir?
That's what I want to talk about.
Have you guys been hanging out still?
I haven't seen Charlize in a minute.
Do you think you're growing apart?
It's a good question.
Charlize is like one of those girls where it's like,
you know when you haven't spoken to someone in six years.
But then you just get dropped into a conversation.
It's like you haven't spent any time at part.
You're like I'm right where you left off.
Exactly.
And it's like that's the beautiful thing about Charlize.
She has that with so many people that like I feel like,
whether I'm getting some wine with Charlize
or Charlize is talking to a whole lot of people.
I haven't had wine with Charlize.
Probably ever.
But I feel like if I like tomorrow DM Charlize and Charlize is like,
you know, don't you ever remember if you're close to her?
She goes through this thing because she's like dealing with a stock
or situation where she changes her number a lot.
I don't even think I've ever had her number.
But who's the stalker?
Is it like she doesn't know who it is or it's you?
Yeah, she doesn't know who it is.
And but like the second you sort of pick things up with Charlize,
like I can pick up the phone and try to call her right now.
Or she can pick up the phone and call me for sure.
I would not mind that at all.
Yeah.
Charlize would be able to chop it up just like you throw out like a topic of comfort.
It feels like an old like French Revolutionary salon.
Like we're just discussing all sorts of philosophical intricacies.
No.
She's like Neil Cassidy.
I didn't even know that.
Yeah.
What's going on behind Johnny right now?
Oh, strangers are browsing in an IKEA that Johnny is recording from.
What?
That's all we have for you today guys.
Why don't we do our plugs?
Johnny, start us off.
That plug is to follow me on Instagram at Johnny V. J. O. H.
And then why V. I.
And check out my new apartment like if you ever are around like deep in wood.
What was it, New York?
You don't know where you are.
Yeah.
I mean, what are you going to listen about New Jersey?
Where are you?
Uh,
Evan Confession.
I'm in Konsehawk in Pennsylvania.
Uh, at a furniture store.
But I hope you guys can hold it against me.
Kind of.
Of course we knew that.
Is it an IKEA or is it a different furniture store?
It's an IKEA.
Yeah.
And are you happy?
I am happy.
But that's great.
I mean, the thing about the tags, the room, it's all.
No, we know.
Yeah.
And you tell you don't live there.
No, don't.
Well, I kind of dispensing around different ideas indefinitely until I find some housing.
Yeah.
And we should say that you're moving to, what is it?
Do not say that.
How do you know that?
You told me.
You sent me some of the listings.
I don't know.
I never did.
Oh, I didn't.
And then AJ sent me and said this is where I'm living.
Yeah.
We signed the list and everything.
No.
I didn't respond to that text actually.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Grayson plugs.
Yeah.
You could follow me on Instagram at Gray, KY's or Twitter at the same thing.
I'm here.
I'm trying to do plugs.
I'm just saying.
I stopped this video.
That's all I've got.
Cool.
And then I'm here.
Follow me on Venmo.
Well, why?
Hell, yeah.
You can see tips, send cash.
Yeah.
Do it on your friends actions that you can like.
Funny little memos.
Yeah.
I'm here's clearly buying ketamine by the barrel.
All right.
And you can follow me on Twitter at your priority.
That's lemon plug.
Namaste to you all.
Shout out Johnny.
Shout out Grayson.
Honestly, shout out me.
Yeah.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks so much for listening to this episode.
Click on podcast.
And that stars folks.
Yeah.
Goodbye, Kia.
This might be my last episode.
That was easy.
That was a hit dumb original.